hello and welcome to ocelot strategy
we are here in a new interview to
a player who has joined
recently to the multiplayer game
from europe universalis 4 we talk about
pencil is a pleasure to have you here with
we
or the mass the pleasure is mine well then
as you have seen in the fourth episode
from the mp pencil we have already moved away
from the bustling European center the player
Muscovite lies between the east and
West at a crossroads between two
worlds which actually gives you
ample possibilities but good
let's move on to the questions and there goes
the first come pencil that you could
say about the potential that you think that
has your nation
Well, first of all I think that
we have copy is an action with a great
terrestrial potential that will try
make the most of
then as you have also commented
It has a very strategic position
important
and also has a great capacity to
expansion thanks to that position that
he will also try to make the most of
very good because we continue with the
next question what is your opinion
about the nations bordering on
Muscovy
Well, I think I'm lucky
surrounding me some nations that are not
too powerful
perhaps the exception is Lithuania that
in this game so he has a great
power but usually I do not think that I
are going to give a lot of problems what I
it would facilitate
increase my territories than what
I hope
if the truth is that Lithuania has
enough territories and it looks like you're going to
have a hard competitor in some way
continue with the next question
the Muscovite princes were certainly
deeply ambitious you as a player
also keep and aces ambition
you will mark as your goal to raise a
powerful czarist russia
well then among my main
objectives we are converting as already in
russia and then with that russia get
that is not only a European power
but a world power of first
order
well then we continue after having broken
the relationship of vassalage with the hordes
Muscovy mongolas started a new stage
before so longed for freedom towards where
will now look at the Muscovite princes
towards east or west
well then russia look on both sides the
preference will be in principle
West, which is where we consider
are the richest provinces but not
let's rule out at any time
get closer to the east besides having the
first idea when I took this country from
an idea that a settler gives us as there will be
what to take advantage of
Well yes you have to take advantage of it because
that this law of betting in fact the
idea of the placed the beech
killer of fleet assassin like this
good and lastly in the last question
the multiplayer game will last between 100
and 150 years as you expect it to evolve
your nation during that period and that the
ogre you hope you got
well then in 100 250 years I imagine
a big russia a russia that reaches
the gates of austria and the empire
Ottoman and a great Russia that can
even with large territories in asia
that will make it a country to respect and
fear and make very taken into account about
all
russia by definition is usually feared in
Most of the m3
Well, here we leave it, you have already
seen that pencil has it very clear is going to
try to build an almighty
Czarist Russia be the envy of many
European courts and play their trump card
strategic pencil thank you very much for
have agreed to participate with us
in the game and for having accessed the
interview
thank you very much and masaryk the pleasure
It has really been mine
hopefully you liked the video
you can consult the forum of reports of
the mp game in the url that we join
in the description of the video and good that
do you well and as always
we will see shortly until the
next